modules/emx_digitalBidAdapter.md, before:

# Overview

```
Module Name:  EMX Digital Adapter
Module Type:  Bidder Adapter
Maintainer: git@emxdigital.com
```

# Description

The EMX Digital adapter provides publishers with access to the EMX Marketplace. The adapter is GDPR compliant. Please note that the adapter supports Banner and Video (Instream) media types only.

Note: The EMX Digital adapter requires approval and implementation guidelines from the EMX team, including existing publishers that work with EMX Digital. Please reach out to your account manager or prebid@emxdigital.com for more information.

The bidder code should be ```emx_digital```
The params used by the bidder are :
```tagid``` - string (mandatory)
```bidfloor``` - string (optional)

# Test Parameters
```
var adUnits = [{
    code: 'banner-div',
    mediaTypes: {
        banner: {
            sizes: [
                [300, 250], [300, 600]
        }
    },
    bids: [
    {
        bidder: 'emx_digital',
        params: {
           tagid: '25251',
        }
    }]
}];
```

# Video Example
```
var adUnits = [{
    code: 'video-div',
    mediaTypes: {
        video: {
            context: 'instream',
            playerSize: [640, 480]
        }
    },
    bids: [
    {
        bidder: 'emx_digital',
        params: {
           tagid: '25251',
           video: {
               skippable: true,
               playback_methods: ['auto_play_sound_off']
           }
        }
    }]
}];
```

Commit message:

adding Outstream mediaType to EMX Digital

modules/emx_digitalBidAdapter.md, after:

# Overview

```
Module Name:  EMX Digital Adapter
Module Type:  Bidder Adapter
Maintainer: git@emxdigital.com
```

# Description

The EMX Digital adapter provides publishers with access to the EMX Marketplace. The adapter is GDPR compliant. Please note that the adapter supports Banner and Video (Instream & Outstream) media types.

Note: The EMX Digital adapter requires approval and implementation guidelines from the EMX team, including existing publishers that work with EMX Digital. Please reach out to your account manager or prebid@emxdigital.com for more information.

The bidder code should be ```emx_digital```
The params used by the bidder are :
```tagid``` - string (mandatory)
```bidfloor``` - string (optional)

# Test Parameters
```
var adUnits = [{
    code: 'banner-div',
    mediaTypes: {
        banner: {
            sizes: [
                [300, 250], [300, 600]
        }
    },
    bids: [
    {
        bidder: 'emx_digital',
        params: {
           tagid: '25251',
        }
    }]
}];
```

# Video Example
```
var adUnits = [{
    code: 'video-div',
    mediaTypes: {
        video: {
            context: 'instream', // also applicable for 'outstream'
            playerSize: [640, 480]
        }
    },
    bids: [
    {
        bidder: 'emx_digital',
        params: {
           tagid: '25251',
           video: {
               skippable: true,
               playback_methods: ['auto_play_sound_off']
           }
        }
    }]
}];
```
